********
*02:32*

# "yeah, I know them."
Today we are back at the airport. The online status for our bike indicated it arrived last night, so with reckless abandon we took an Uber to the airport. To get back into the baggage area there is a protocol where someone from the handling company has to come get you, as you are bypassing security by going through customs in reverse. Today as we came through, following another passenger, he helpfully pointed out that we were tailgating (totally appropriate from a security point of view). The worker escorting us simply replied "yeah, I know them." So on the positive side, we are on first name basis with the staff here.... Our bike must be having fun in Paris, as it wasn't on its expected flight. Now we are waiting for an update for the next chance for it to get on a flight. If it looks like we will not make it out of here before Sunday, we will find an Airbnb near a church and take a day of rest. It is a good thing we hadn't made reservations as with previous trips. If we start riding on Monday we will be starting our 3 week bike trip behind by half a week. We will probably need to adjust our route in order to make it to Amsterdam in time for our flight home. This year we won't be riding 1000 miles. It is a bit frustrating and discouraging, but it is important to maintain perspective. Given the real problems in our world, our little mishap doesn't even register. The staff here has been helpful and courteous. The people we have spoken with on the phone and via Twitter have also been professional. We are grateful for the people, just not grateful for the situation. Maybe for our next trip we will only consider direct flights. It will all work out.
#Gothenburg to Amsterdam#


********
*15:07*

# Reunited...
... And yes it feels so much better than being separated from our orange bike! Natalie writing tonight... This morning we had a sure enough sounding message from the airport (that our bike had been on the midnight flight) that we got up early, dressed in our bike clothes, and Uberred to the airport, ready to put the bike together and get in as many miles as we could. But ... it wasn't there. Long story short, we waited a while, communicated with all kinds of airport/airline personnel in a few different countries, waited to see if it got on the next flight, and finally left the airport bikeless, pretty bummed but knowing we had to get out of there and try to still enjoy Sweden. We public transportation-ed to a town called Kungsbacka, a bit south of Gothenburg, just for a change of scenery and a small but tidy Airbnb with a kitchen. We walked in town a bit, got food, and tried to figure out what we could do to enjoy our time but still be available if the airline called. We couldn't go off wandering too far since we only had feet and buses for transportation now. Just when we had given up on it arriving tonight, Pete got a text in Swedish that mentioned 25 minutes! Thanks Google translate for helping us text back that yes we would be available for our missing luggage to be dropped off!! The guy doesn't know he almost got a hug from me, but we were so happy to see those two boxes -- and they were in remarkably good condition! We spent the next couple of hours putting it together happily. Such. A. Relief. Thank you, bike guardian angels! Thank you anyone in the airlines who helped it happen in the end (finally). [embed-google-album src="https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/LfIjO4ITvOQcdTAMHE33XwLPS8gZ1v1Mm17FK_lwgwT6Ie0mIJGCO7QcPl96MQ_CXbiudnb3Q_toOyPWlKn8vZ3_YPtWH83dtQEIJOGTAucki9jER3mPVzpQpOdDGsk23IXVgidSfXA" click="https://photos.app.goo.gl/DGsHTmCvTnyyhTo7A" title="Putting the bike together"]
#Gothenburg to Amsterdam#