********
*03:14*

# First hiccup
We arrived in Gothenburg yesterday on schedule, but our bike and checked panniers didn't. Natalie thinks our bike wanted to party in Paris and missed the flight on purpose. Hard to fault the bike for having the celebratory spirit when in France. Now we are spending quality time on the phone with Delta and Air France trying to find it.... We were able to find a cozy Airbnb close to the airport. Uber filled the transportation gap left by our wayward bike. On previous trips our first day has always involved a long ride, which may have made it easier to sleep on the first night during those trips. Neither Natalie nor I slept very well last night due to jet lag. The Airbnb was very comfortable, and our hosts were delightful, friendly, and helpful. Today's plan is a bit up in the air. We are at the airport now but waiting here isn't going to speed the arrival of our bike, so we may find a place to store our luggage and head into Gothenburg and attempt the normal tourists approach to a vacation. We hope we can be riding by tomorrow. Update later in the day: The airport notified us they have located or bike boxes and they should arrive tonight! [embed-google-album src="https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/VkiNoK4cZMeBbhtmE3iQJwpp1awK3Ck_QngMavCKmgOk4vKFmiBH3wBvoWdfvIZEGorUeEy0V5cjVWGcciIAW_mjHuukfTeu66jHn5vVt4nffwwqXY4qgf-3CTN_aDCLp3COamYjrCk" click="https://photos.app.goo.gl/BADdScJ1o7NBv7kL7" title="Airbnb near Gothenburg"]
#Gothenburg to Amsterdam#


********
*12:56*

# Exploring the abandoned city
The first half of the day was spent at the airport trying to encourage the airlines to look for our bike boxes. Maybe I'm just overly sensitive, but finding it didn't seem to be high on anyone's list. The common answer felt like "call us tomorrow and we'll see if it turns up." Eventually a Delta agent I contacted through Twitter responded that the bike boxes were slated to be here by 5. While that didn't happen, at least it was more specific. Air France is now saying they will arrive at midnight. We realized that being at the airport wasn't producing any results, so we took a bus into Gothenburg. We checked into a hotel here and then walked around the city. The place feels abandoned. Today is a Swedish holiday called Midsummer. It is amazing how much of the city is closed. However, we still enjoyed walking in the beautiful green parks and seeing the city center and port area. And we found raspberry sorbet! Tonight we ate dinner (found a yummy Indian food place open) and did some minimal food shopping. We hope to be on our bike and riding south tomorrow. Fingers crossed that it really arrives on the midnight flight. We are both fighting to stay awake hoping that we'll have a more normal night's sleep. This is a different start than we had planned, of course, but we're enjoying being on vacation together in an interesting, pretty, new-to-us part of the world! [embed-google-album src="https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/V1Rqpiyooujn8d82wx0db0ALI96AspYxPo7MPuFt1sjjekZYTddRKeR9sMohabj-o4q8KArmLgD1nMbNFb_WjQSP9rL2SKaAgmfB9aP66f-VVBEar5tcF-qXQFVxywIinwxF5jxWi0E" click="https://photos.app.goo.gl/J8uiC3ysLL9GqvLp6" title="Day in Gothenburg"]
#Gothenburg to Amsterdam#